Instructions
In order to preform a Search in files, simply click on the search button.
At the search bar, insert you'r query to search at the database.
The search is filtered from stop-list words.
Search Features:
You can search using Boolean operands:
	a. OR - search for several words that may appear in one or more files.
	    (Example: all OR how - will result a search of the word 'all' OR the word 'how' and will present the files containing atleast one of them).
	b. AND - search for several words that appear in the same file.
	    (Example: all AND how - will result a search of the 'all' AND the word 'how' and will present the files containing them both).
	c. !(NOT) - search for a word that does not contains the word you have assign the NOT to.
	    (Example: !all - will result a search of all the files and present the files that does not contain the word 'all').
	d. "(Apostrophes) - search word/words that are included in the stop-list words
   	    (Example: "the" - will result a search in all the files for and presents the files that contains the word "the" disregarding the revelance to the stop-list words.

Admin Features:
1. Adding a file:
	In order to add a file to the search database, simply click the Add button, there you will be presented with the Exisiting files that are parsed into the database, and a list of files that exist in the Storage section but are not parsed.
	Simply insert into the text-box the name of the required file you wish to add, and the system will automaticly parse it(while referencing the words, stop words etc..).
2. Delete a file:
	In order to delete a file from the search database, simply click the Remove button, there you will be presented with the Exisiting files that are parsed into the database.
	Simply insert into the text-box the name of the file you wish to remove, the system will automaticly delete it and all is content from the database(while keeping it in the Storage section).


General Database Information:
The Database is build in a SQL format.
The Database files are being copied into an other database (from the storage), and on the new file - the parsing process commits.


1. Each file contains at its first line his details
	a. Author - Name of the file's author.
	b. Type - What does the file contains (poam, script, etc...).
	c. Date - the creation date of the file.
The details are parsed by the system, and the format is: Author:<x>;Type:<y>;Date:<z>

2. DataBase build contains 3 tables:
	a. file_list - contains the files that are parsed and are part of the active search database
		i. file_number - unique id granted to each file in the system during the parsing process.
		ii. file_name - contains the file's name.
		iii. file_author - contains the file's author.
		iv. file_type - contains the file's type.
		v. file_created - contains the file's creation date.
	b. word_list - contains all the words parsed from all the files (this is in fact the inverted files index)
		i. word - contains the word.
		ii. file_number - contains the file's number (pointer).
	c. stop_list - contains all the stop-list words parsed from all the files.
		i. word - contains the stop-word.
		ii. file_number - contains the file's number (pointer).
All the searches are conducted on the database and not directly on the files - as requested.

